Update Mistral AI chat models (#6721)
spring-projects/spring-ai: spring-ai-docs/src/main/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade-notes.adoc

If streaming is not needed, no action is required — the default implementation is inherited automatically.

=== Mistral AI Chat Models

The following deprecated Mistral AI chat models have been removed from the `MistralAiApi.ChatModel` enumeration, as they are no longer available (retired on the 31st of July 2026):

- `DEVSTRAL`,
- `MAGISTRAL_MEDIUM`,
- `MAGISTRAL_SMALL`,
- `OPEN_MISTRAL_NEMO`.

==== Impact

Using these models will now cause:

- **Compilation failure**: If referenced directly from `MistralAiApi.ChatModel`.

> - **Unexpected behavior**: If used via the `spring.ai.mistralai.chat.model` property, as Mistral AI redirects requests to these deprecated models to alternative models (e.g., `mistral-medium-3.5` instead of `magistral-medium-latest`).

Author: I verified this redirection while debugging `org.springframework.ai.mistralai.MistralAiChatModelIT.thinkingCall` with `ChatModel.MAGISTRAL_MEDIUM` on main branch and checking `org.springframework.ai.mistralai.api.MistralAiApi.ChatCompletion.model` corresponding value in the response.

> - **Unexpected behavior**: If used via the `spring.ai.mistralai.chat.model` property, as Mistral AI redirects requests to these deprecated models to alternative models (e.g., `mistral-medium-3.5` instead of `magistral-medium-latest`).

Author: - 
```suggestion
- **Potentially unintended behavior**: If used via the `spring.ai.mistralai.chat.model` property, as Mistral AI redirects requests to these deprecated models to alternative models (e.g., `mistral-medium-3.5` instead of `magistral-medium-latest`).
```
